feat: add preact-ssr-prepass (#9524)
withastro/astro: .changeset/blue-bobcats-remain.md

---
"@astrojs/preact": minor
---

Allows rendering lazy components.

You can now use [lazy components](https://preactjs.com/guide/v10/switching-to-preact/#suspense-experimental) with Suspense:

``` jsx
import { lazy, Suspense } from 'preact/compat';

const HeavyComponent= lazy(() => import('./HeavyComponent'));

> const Component = () => {
> 	return (
>     <Suspense fallback={<p>Loading...</p>}>
> 			<HeavyComponent foo="bar" />
> 		</Suspense>
>   	);
> };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const Component = () => {
  return (
      <Suspense fallback={<p>Loading...</p>}>
        <HeavyComponent foo="bar" />
      </Suspense>
    );
};
```
Indentation is off for some reason

---
"@astrojs/preact": minor
---

Allows rendering lazy components.

> Now you can use lazy components on your SSR. Fallback will be not displayed when component renders on the server and when hydration process too. More details about [lazy-components](https://preactjs.com/guide/v10/switching-to-preact/#suspense-experimental).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use [lazy components](https://preactjs.com/guide/v10/switching-to-preact/#suspense-experimental) with Suspense:
```

``` jsx

> import { lazy, Suspense } from 'preact/compat';
> 
> const BigComponent = lazy(async () => import('./BigComponent'));
> const Fallback = () => <p>Loading...</p>;
> 
> const Component = () => {
>   return (
>     <div>
>       <h1>Header</h1>
> 
>       <Suspense fallback={Fallback}>
> 				<BigComponent someProp="someValue">
>           {children}
>         </BigComponent>
> 			</Suspense>
>     </div>
>   )
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { lazy, Suspense } from 'preact/compat';

const HeavyComponent= lazy(() => import('./HeavyComponent'));

const Component = () => {
	return (
    		<Suspense fallback={<p>Loading...</p>}>
			<HeavyComponent foo="bar" />
		</Suspense>
  	);
};
```

---
"@astrojs/preact": minor
---

> Allows rendering lazy components

Reviewer: Could you add a code snippet showcasing how to use lazy components? Apart from that, LGTM!

Author: There was another example in `examples/framework-preact`, but @matthewp asked for only one example

Author: There was another example in `examples/framework-preact`, but @matthewp  asked for only one example. Or do you want to write it at this file?

Author: I added snippet here and wrote, that fallback will be not displayed in SSR, may be do we need to add this information to docs?
